---
layout: post
author: zendoc
tags: [toughts]
---

Whether in academia or industry, emergence, the moment Archimedes takes a dip in the bathhouse after contemplating it, Eureka! We need the same ability that proclaimed that we were the first to know the principle of buoyancy

​Let's start with coffee. By blocking the action of adenosine and increasing the arousal stage, the speed of thought increases and the processing of work is accelerated. Ethereal (amphetamine) and concerta (methylphenidate), like caffeine in coffee, are stimulants with stimulant properties, but the simultaneous action of norepinephrine and dopamine explodes concentration, immersion, excitement, motivation, and interest. However, it is never free, and you may have to pay it back later.

​There was once a prevalence in Silicon Valley with the use of microLSD, which is similar to the effect of travel, moving, or immigration. Creatures are adaptive entities, and human adaptability is very good. Korean citizens and Korean Americans in California, USA, may have the same genes because they are twins, but their personalities, value systems, and lifestyles may be completely different due to the different environments in which they grew up. LSD can change a person's cognitive system through psychedelic experiences (trips). The problem is that the change can be a good direction, or if it's vulnerable, it can be the worst outcome of a bad trip that leads to mental illness.

​DMT is a near-death experience In fact, when oxygen saturation begins to drop with chainstock breathing just before death, the body changes into a state of consciousness consisting only of internal signals to preserve the brain until the end. Of course, DMT itself decomposes in the human body very quickly, so it is necessary to use MAOi that prevents DMT degradation, as in Peru's Ayahuasca, but the dosage and usage of this MAOi can be life-threatening than DMT itself, and the once-fashionable trip to Ayahuasca to South America has been slowed down because of related deaths. A near-death experience through DMT can change values themselves, similar to how a person changes drastically after the death of someone close to them or the experience of coming back to life. There may be a need for research on DMT therapy in addition to esketamine therapy in patients with terminal cancer or those waiting for euthanasia with terminal depression.

​The THC in cannabis acts like anandamide, which is endogenously generated by the body. Anandamide rises in the cerebrospinal fluid in the blood during physical pain, heat damage, and psychological pressure, reducing pain and reducing anxiety and tension. cannabis users claim that it reduces pain and anxiety tension, making thinking flexible and generating new sentiments and ideas, which can be linked to Archimedes' Eureka and emergence. The problem with using cannabis is that the brain can become lazy, similar to the problem with FAAHi, an anandamide agonist, and anxiety tension is essential for humans to understand and adapt to their environment, so artificially eliminating it in the long term is dangerous. In addition, cannabis is abused just like the use of alcohol, and when used frequently, physical strength is likely to collapse due to lack of exercise, and when physical strength collapses, the brain becomes stupid beyond laziness.

​From an anthropoecological point of view, while hunter-gatherers changed from muscular anaerobic to aerobic exercise when chasing prey, the pain and self-awareness caused by lactate metabolites accumulation and thermogenesis, the gap between themselves and their prey, the constant reconnaissance of their surroundings, and the concentration to catch prey without missing it, and the anxiety of survival and the pressure of pride to eat only fruit, roots, and seeds collected by others for several days if they missed, may have been a source of anandamide for new methodologies and awareness, as well as pressure to make the hunter develop into a better hunter day by day.

Hunting is a survival method and self improvement training for hunter-gatherers. Like Archimedes, who can be said to be the origin of scientific civilization, if you're well trained, whenever the situation is right, you will be able to get new ideas and problem-solving power more easily with Anandamide's tension relief and flexibility of thinking. zendoc is making a smartwatch app related to running with understanding and application of this.